We have renovated a 70-year-old traditional Japanese house into an Art Old House.
This three-story, standalone home is available for exclusive rental, accommodating up to 10 guests. It is ideal for families or groups of friends.
It is about a 5-minute walk from Tsuruhashi Station, and there are many restaurants and shops nearby.
The area also offers excellent access to Namba Station and popular sightseeing spots in Osaka.

Additionally, our accommodation has one bathroom and one shower room.
宿泊先
■The nearest stations
6 mins walk to JR & Metro Tsuruhashi St.

・Access to "Namba"
Direct Access from Metro Tsuruhashi St. to Namba St.: About 5 mins

・Access to "Dōtonbori"
Direct Access from Metro Tsuruhashi St. to Nihonbashi St.: About 4 mins

・Access to "Universal Studios Japan"
Direct Access from JR Tsuruhashi St. to UniversalCity St.: About 30 mins

・Access to "Osaka Castle"
Direct Access from JR Tsuruhashi St. to Osakajokoen St.: About 7 mins

■Access from Kansai airport
JR Kansai airport St. → JR Tsuruhashi St.
(Direct line about 45 mins by limited express)


For up to 4 guests, please use the bedroom with two 140 cm-wide double beds.
For groups of 5 or more, up to 6 sets of 90 cm-wide single-size futons can be provided in the Japanese-style room on the third floor.
(The additional bed fee is included in the accommodation cost.)

In the photos, three futons are set up in the third-floor Japanese-style room, but this is the setup for 7 guests.
For 6 guests, 2 futons will be provided as standard. Additional futons will incur an extra fee.

•Dining kitchen: TV, Kitchen,IH cooker,Electric kettle
•Bathroom&Shoer room: Washer, Dryer, Hair dryer
•Toilet: Electric Bidet Seat (Japanese Washlet)

■ Regarding the facilities
Free Wi-Fi (The internet speed is approximately 500 Mbps.)
•Refrigerator•Washing machine/Dryer
•Electric Kettle•Microwave•Hair Dryer
•IH Stove•Detergent•Shampoo
•Conditioner•Body Soap•Bath towels•Hand towels•Amenity Toothbrushes
その他の特記事項
1.禁煙施設です。
屋内はもちろん屋外でのタバコのポイ捨てなども厳禁です。
電子タバコも厳禁です。
喫煙が発覚した場合クリーニング費用5500円〜を請求する場合があります。

2.忘れ物について
国内発送のみ着払いでお送りします。
別途手数料が荷物の大きさにより2200円〜の手数料が配送費用とは別に発生します。
海外の発送はしていません。

3.粗大ゴミについて
スーツケースやバギーなどの処分費用として4400円〜を請求いたします。

4.施設内の破損、汚染について
発見しましたら修繕費用を請求しますことをご了承下さい。

5.チェックアウトはam10時です。
チェックアウトが遅れた場合30分につき2200円〜を請求する場合があります。


次のゲストの方も気持ち良く宿泊できるようご理解よろしくお願いします。
登録情報
国家戦略特別区域法の認定番号 | 大阪市指令　大保環第24ー3936号